>>OK.
Now, we're going
into the Blue School.
And so, we're going
to do these exercises.
And this is the lowest level.
This is the only level
they let me work on.
It's considered
their lowest level,
but it's really great
for what we're doing.
It's preparation for inner
dimensional experience.
That's what it is.
But it's just the
beginning of this,
then they go deeper in
a different kind of way.
Anyway, we're-- I'm going to
sit down while we do this.
You-- there's certain rules.
So we're going to
play it like a game.
Like I said, don't
get serious about it.
There's no-- there's going to
be no tests or flunks in here.
And so just figure-- when we
actually go into this thing,
you have to have your
feet flat on the ground.
You can't cross anything,
not even your eyes, nothing.
You have to totally be feet
flat and your hands like this.
And your back is
straight as you can get.
You shouldn't even
be touching the back.
You should be-- your
back should be straight.
Now, this is just
in the exercise.
The moment I said, OK, open your
eyes, you could, if you want.
I don't care.
It's just during the exercise.
And they're very
strict about that.
And let's see what
else there is.
Oh, yeah, I forgot one
more thing to talk about.
I got to talk about
something first.
It's about seeing.
A lot of people, when
they close their eyes,
people will say,
well, I can't see.
All I see is black.
I can't see anything.
Claudette's response
was, well, can you dream.
Have you ever dreamed?
Yes, 10 years ago.
Then she just
followed you can see.
And so, we all can see,
but, a lot of times,
we think we can't.
And so you just have to
relax and just let go.
And, again, play it like
a little-- like a game,
like you're a little
child and don't worry.
All right, I'm going to
do two different tests
to see if you-- how you do see.
I want to identify
if there's people--
there are people who
can't see, but they can,
but they don't know they can.
I'm trying to identify
those people is
what I'm trying to do.
And there are four
ways of seeing.
One is male, one is
female, one is both,
and one is neutral or neither.
And this male, female,
both, and neutral
is a pattern that goes
throughout all chemistry
and all throughout all kinds
of other levels of reality.
But the male way
of seeing is very
different than the female way.
When I was talking about
that spectrum thing before,
it's kind of the same.
You have the male
here on this end,
and the female on this end.
And if you tell a male to--
say we're doing guided imagery
and I say see an apple.
If it's a pure male,
which doesn't exist,
and neither does
the pure female,
we're all partly
male and female mixed
together at different levels,
but if-- but a pure male,
if you told them to see an
apple, they close their eyes
and there would
be an apple there.
I mean, it would be
just like looking
at television or something.
There would be an apple.
They could rotate it and
they could turn it this way.
They could dissect it and do
all kinds of things with it.
But males are very, very, very,
very, very, very, very visual.
And then you have a female on
the other side, pure female,
and you ask her to see an
apple, nothing appears.
Nada, just nothing.
But she can feel and sense the
apple there that she can't see.
And she could tell you
everything about that apple.
She could go on for
hours about that apple.
She could tell you what it
tastes, where it came from,
and who grew it, and
on and on and on,
anything that you can think of.
But she's not seeing an apple.
There isn't anything there.
Well, most of us are
somewhere in the middle.
And if you're more male,
you're going to be more visual.
And the more female
you are, the more
you're going to be just
sensing and feeling things.
But, usually, there's
a lot of people
in the middle that can
kind of see an apple,
they kind of sense, and
they can kind of feel.
But you put all
those things together
and you come up with information
about whatever you're
looking at.
And so you got to
trust yourself.
If I say see something and
you don't see anything,
you go, oh, I failed.
I don't-- I didn't do it.
It's over.
Just realize that you
may be seeing more
toward the female
side, at which point,
if you don't see something,
then sense it, feel it.
Become sensitive in another way.
We have all kinds of ways and
we mix all those things together
to come up with our-- what
we believe what we're seeing.
And so this is really
true in this imagery work
that we're about to do.
Now, I think we're ready.
So the other thing you
need is a pencil and paper.
One, two, I think
we're only going
to do two tests and
four or five examples.
And so each time you write
about a little paragraph
on what-- you're going to write
down what-- what you saw, felt,
experienced.
The other
Thing is I'm going to--
I'm going to put us
into the imagery work.
When I ask you to come out--
open your eyes and come out,
and these things are short.
They're usually only a minute
to maybe three minutes long.
They're not very long usually.
And-- but we spend a
long time afterwards.
And so when you come out, do not
talk to anyone and don't think.
Before you even
think-- don't think,
start thinking
about what happened,
or anything like that.
Write it down.
Just write down what
you saw and happened,
and try to write it without
changing anything, whatever
your first impression is.
If you saw a red car
and you start thinking,
well, maybe it was--
maybe-- maybe it was maroon.
Forget it.
Go back to the red.
Whatever your first indication
is is almost always the truth.
Because what's
going on is your ego
is in there going
I don't like red.
I like maroon.
Make it maroon.
And so it changes everything
and it isn't true.
And so that's why I want
you to write everything
down that experienced
as cleanly as possible.
After you've got it in words,
then you can think about it
and talk to somebody
else if you want.
Because you can't change
what's on the paper.
And so that's why we're
doing it this way.
So with the paper and
pencil, put it down
on the ground or somewhere,
so it's not a distraction,
but where you can get
to it very quickly.
And then we'll-- and
then we start, we begin,
we go very straight with our
spines, feet on the ground,
just like that, and
close your eyes.
If you-- you have
your masks, right?
I think-- this is an ongoing
debate between me and my wife,
but I believe that
the mask is better.
She thinks it isn't.
But I really do,
for my things here.
Light affects your
pineal gland and when
you're trying to shut
it down to get into,
you want to be totally dark.
In fact, you don't even
want light on your skin,
but mostly through your
eyes is the biggest one.
You might as well get
used to it because we're
going to be using these
things all the time now.
Here we go.
We're going to begin
with two tests.
You do not have to write these
ones-- these two tests down.
So everybody put your masks on.
Put your hands on
your knees, your feet
flat, your back straight.
And we're going to go.
Now just relax.
And if you need to cough
or anything, do it now.
[COUGHING]
Boy, you've been waiting for
that for 10 minutes probably.
Now just breathe gently.
Try to breathe
rhythmically right now,
where you're breathing
the same length of time
in as you're bringing out.
Don't worry about seven
seconds in or anything.
It could be two seconds
in, but keep the time
that you're breathing in
the same as whatever time
you're exhaling.
And try to get into a
rhythm with this breathing.
In your inner imagination, see
the number three glowing bright
in front of you.
Just the best you can.
Now feel yourself beginning
to move toward this--
this number three, by the way,
represents the holy trinity.
And so feel yourself moving
toward this number three
and getting closer, and
closer, and closer, and closer,
until you move right through
it to the other side.
Now see the number two glowing
bright in front of you.
It stands for duality.
Now start moving toward that one
and getting closer, and closer,
and closer, and closer.
And now move right through
it to the other side.
Now see the number one, tall
and bright, in front of you.
It stands for unity and oneness.
And feel yourself
moving toward this one,
also getting closer,
and closer, and closer.
Only this time, don't
move through it.
Move right into the
column of light.
In your imagination,
move both arms
straight out on
both sides of you.
And feel them straight out.
Now see your arms growing
longer until they go all the way
and touch a wall.
And some of you are right
next to a wall, so you're
going to be close to it.
But your other arm has to go
all the way across the room
to touch another wall.
So see your arms
touching both walls.
Now see that your
head and your neck
is growing longer and longer
till your head goes all the way
up and touches the ceiling.
You're getting all these
strange shapes now.
In your imagination, turn your
head to the left 90 degrees.
Now, in your imagination,
turn it straight ahead again.
And now turn 90
degrees to the right,
and then back straight again.
Now let your arms go
right through the walls
and go about-- oh, maybe 100
meters, about 300 feet or so,
a football field, out
on either side of you.
And reach down and touch
the texture on the ground.
Now move your arms all
the way to the horizon,
like you're holding the planet.
Now touch the texture of
this distant landscape.
When you can feel this
texture, open your eyes
and seeing yourself
enormous and huge arms.
When it feels complete,
just remove your mask.
This is just a test, so
it doesn't mean anything.
How many people-- how many
people could not do this?
6, 7 people.
Just with you over here,
could you do any of it
or could you not be out
>>I became to where I
can't visually see it,
but in my mind's
eye, I played it out.
So I feel like I
sort of might have
done it, but for the actual
colors and visualization
and things like that, no.
>>But you-- but
you could kind of
feel like you could feel
your arms getting longer,
but you couldn't see it, right?
>>Yes, I would have short mental
gargled pictures in my mind,
but not vivid.
>>That's all right.
And were you-- were you the--
who was the other person?
>>I don't know if it's
because I was tired,
but I couldn't stay
with the conversation.
I was having trouble staying
with you and I couldn't
remember--
>>I understand.
>>I would see a color, and then
I would get into the color,
and I couldn't remember,
well, now what's going on.
And then I thought am I
supposed to put my hands out.
I just kept getting so confused.
And I could see my hands
going out to the side,
and then I put my
hands down because I
knew they weren't supposed
to be going out this way,
but I was just so confused.
I saw a lot of color.
>>You know, we're at about
4,500 feet right here.
And if you've been here, it's
this is your third day or more,
and you're coming from
a lower atmosphere,
like the ocean or
somewhere, you're
going to get sleepy
for a little while.
Unfortunately, it happens to be
while the workshop's going on.
It takes about, I think,
another three days or so.
And then, all of a sudden,
your energy kicks back in.
>>I came from Palm Springs.
That's about as low as
you can get in the desert.
>>Yeah.
>>So but I am-- I
was just really--
and I was having trouble,
before we took the break,
I was having difficulty
staying awake.
I just kept nodding, and--
>>I know.
It is a problem.
The last school I had
was at 8,500 feet.
People would come there
and just literally
drop over, just on the floor.
Are you home?
They don't answer.
It really affects
at that one, but--
>>But the numbers,
I got real clear.
I could see the numbers.
No, you're doing fine.
You're just tired is all.
And then, on top of that,
you've got a lot of people
here with jet lag.
So we just have
to deal with this.
It's just the way it is.
Usually, I'm the one
with the jet lag.
And they don't.
I'm up here just barely
able to keep my eyes open.
And so I'm not worried about
either one of you actually.
Who's--
>>I was seeing-- I was
almost seeing-- I mean,
I had to imagine it.
Like, I couldn't just see it
and I couldn't see the numbers.
And then I started seeing
geometric shapes and they
were black and blue,
like it was black--
>>That's OK.
You're fine.
No problem.
It's not a problem.
You're seeing.
You don't have to see
what I tell you to see.
This is another
part of the school,
which is kind of interesting.
You get the instructions,
and you may--
your body may do something
totally different.
That's OK.
They don't have a
problem with that at all.
It's the body knows
what it's doing.
And so you might say do
something, put your arms out,
and instead, your head goes up
or something else like that.
That's-- those kind of
things are all right.
And there's another one that
is really interesting to me.
A lot of people you
say close your eyes
and the next thing they
remember is open your eyes.
And they don't remember
anything in the middle at all.
And they-- they tell me that
that's the highest form of all.
What do I know?
You
So if I-- if I see that going
on, you don't worry about it.
They are going where
they're supposed to go,
and they're doing everything
they're supposed to do.
They just don't remember
what it is and it's OK.
We're going to do
another test and then
we're going to go forward.
Put on the darkness.
Take a deep inhale and blow
out through a small hole
in your lips and see a
white mist coming out.
One more time.
Take another breath, and
either see, or sense,
or feel this white mist
coming out of your lips.
Now look into the black
field with your eyes closed
and see a point of
light that seems
to be at a great distance.
You can either see it,
or you can sense it,
or you can feel it.
Now feel yourself being
drawn to this point of light,
that you're moving toward it,
or it's moving toward you.
See yourself getting
closer and closer to it.
And as you get
closer, watch to see
how the light changes color.
And what is its color?
Identify-- if it's many
colors, choose one.
Now as you get really
close, let this color
fill your field of view.
See yourself all around
it, or within it.
Now don't try to
think on this one.
Now see the opposite color in
your body, whatever that means.
When you see and know both
colors, open your eyes.
Take off your mask.
Same question.
Who could not do this?
Let me see.
That was 10 people.
I'm going to try this in
a slightly different way.
Of these 10 people, how
many of those 10 people
could originally see, or a
sense, or feel a point of light
at a great distance?
You could.
Then, everyone else, I'm
not worried about you guys.
The other-- that leaves
about four or five.
Those other ones, you could
not see the point of light
at all, right, or
sense, or feel anything?
So of those eight people, did
you see absolutely nothing?
Nothing happened at all, it
was blackness the whole time.
The people that were
just saying that they
don't have any sensing
going on, because if they
have sensing going on,
then it's just as good.
It doesn't matter.
If you've got a lot of
feminine way of sensing things,
you may never see anything
through this whole thing.
Just really nothing
shows up, but yet you
can go on and on and on
about what happened there.
But it's not from seeing.
It's from other parts of
you that are coming forth.
So if there-- I want to know
now that the people that feel
that they didn't see,
sense, or feel anything.
Well, that got you.
You didn't feel anything?
Didn't sense anything,
didn't feeling anything,
nothing happened?
>>I try to imagine a light,
but I still could not
see it, even in my imagination.
And when you talked about
colors, nothing, just black.
Could not imagine.
Sometime-- most of the time, I
don't see, but I can imagine.
But this time, I could
not even imagine colors.
>>Let me see the hands again
of those people, so I can see.
It's you, and you.
Let's go.
We're going to actually
do the real thing now.
This is about as much
as I can-- information
I can gather right now.
So we're going to
do the real thing.
Again, remember, if
I say see something,
it means see, sense, or feel.
And so just because
you don't see anything
doesn't mean that you aren't
connected to the experience
of what's happening.
>>Do we keep the
eyes open inside?
>>You want the eyes closed
under the mask, not open.
It isn't-- you can't do
it with your eyes open.
It's-- it has to do
with the pineal gland.
And the pineal gland, the
darker it is, the better it is.
But there is a difference.
If you go home and
experiment with these masks
and see the
difference when you're
meditating with your eyes
open or your eyes closed,
after a while, you can
feel the difference.
And if you really
want to get better,
you turn off all the lights,
get it completely black
where you can't see your
hand, and then it's ideal.
Because what science has
found-- I work with Dr. James
Hart for a long time
with his-- still do--
and he's a brain researcher.
And when they need to
get the pineal shut off,
they not only have to put
a-- they've tried masks,
and it works to a degree,
but not completely.
And so they have
to-- they put you
in this room that is
absolutely-- not a photon
bouncing around in that light,
and then the pineal gland
shuts off completely.
So what I do is I go into
a very, very dark room.
I get under the bed,
under the sheets, enclosed
and everything, so I
got darkness in there,
and my mask on.
And you'll find
that when you get
sensitive to what this means,
that really makes a difference.
It makes a huge difference.
Not just in this
work, but in a lot
of other work in meditation.
Because, otherwise, you got
your little brain clicking on,
going, going, going, going.
Moment you can
eliminate all light,
the brain goes and stops.
It requires light or it
can't function very well.
Here we go.
Put on your masks.
I'm going to be
talking about a sphere.
I'm going to be talking
about-- that sphere
about is Leonardo's sphere.
Does everybody know
what I'm talking about?
Does anybody know--
does not know
what the Leonardo sphere is?
It's that sphere that's
right out at your fingertips.
If you remember the
Leonardo drawing
with the arms going straight
out and the arms legs going out,
and then there's a
square, then there's
a perfect sphere around you.
That's a sphere.
It's a sphere that
completely contains the body.
That's all you
need to know, just
the sphere that completely
contains the body.
So you can't stretch
your way out of it.
You're inside of it.
Here we go.
Take a deep breath and
exhale, seeing the white mist,
blow it out between your lips.
Another deep breath, and
blow out the white mist.
And see it, or a sense it,
or feel it as it's going out.
Now imagine that you are in a
sphere of light, the Leonardo
sphere completely around you.
So sense, or see, or feel that
sphere of light around you.
And feel, or sense, or see the
light inside the sphere that
you're-- it's a lit
up sphere of light.
Now see and feel yourself
gently lifting off the ground
and floating just a few
centimeters or a couple
inches above the ground.
And you're just
weightless and floating.
Now you feel
yourself slowly begin
to rise off the seat and
beginning to float up
into the air,
higher, and higher,
and higher until your
bubble touches the ceiling.
And feel yourself very slowly
bouncing off the ceiling.
Now feel yourself float
right through the roof
and above this room by 50
meters, about 150 feet or so.
Up into sky, and you look
around you and see the horizon
all around you.
You can see it or sense it
or feel it all around you.
Now slowly rotate in
whatever direction
you want to go, one
time around 360 degrees,
while you're
watching the horizon.
And then when you go
one time around, stop.
Now see and know that
you, on this level,
have eyes in the
back of your head.
What does it feel like to see
in both directions at once?
Now see and know that you really
have eyes all over your body.
Every pore of your
body is an eye.
You can see at all
directions at once.
Feel what it is like
to see spherically.
Now see whatever it is
that is important for you
to see anywhere in the world.
When this feels
complete, open your eyes.
Immediately write
down your experience
without talking or thinking.
Is there anybody here--
if you're writing,
go ahead and keep breathing.
But if there's
anybody here that's
finished who would like to
tell me your experience.
And I'll-- I'm just going
to ask two or three people.
>>I flew right
through the ceiling
before you told, so very
high, so I had to come back.
Then I couldn't look around.
I just had difficulties
to look behind.
Then when you-- I could see
till there, but not behind.
Afterwards, I could see
very well the sphere
and I got-- I still feel
very hot, got very excited.
And then there were two
images that came to me.
It was a monk walking up
to the mountain in Tibet.
And the other side of the world
I saw Indians doing a ceremony,
and I think it was Mexico.
>>Again, what did it feel like?
Because you can see
spherically though, right?
You had trouble
with front and back,
but you could see
everywhere at once?
>>Well, before, when you told
to turn, I couldn't go behind.
>>Oh, I see.
But you could see spherically?
>>Oh, yeah.
>>What did that feel like?
>>Oh, I felt very excited.
I still am, actually.
I'm all hot.
>>OK, OK.
One more person.
>>Thank you.
>>I could feel myself going up
and going beyond this building
and seeing spherically.
And in order for
me to see behind,
I had to let go of my
form and totally turn
as if my spirit was free from
the body, being able to turn.
I had a little bit a difficulty
seeing simultaneously,
but it took a while
of programming
myself to giving
me the intention.
Look forward and backward
at the same time.
But then when you said go to
somewhere of a person in need,
and, all of a sudden,
I was in this town
and there was a very,
very sick old woman.
And she was sitting in a chair.
There was a dog, and
everything was the earth,
and I felt that it was Brazil.
And I came up to her
and she says, oh, I'm
too sick to go to John of God.
And I just sat there and it was
very hard to leave afterwards.
I remember my hand positioning.
And as if I was taking
something off of her,
it was an energy, like
as if I was stroking
that energy off of her.
It was very hard to
come back because she
didn't want to let me go.
She was holding on to my hand.
And so that was a very
powerful experience because she
was needing a lot of help.
>>Well, this is what I mean.
We didn't say that, of course,
but that's what she heard.
And in doing that--
>>You didn't say that?
>>No.
No, it's perfect.
There was somebody down
there in Brazil needed you,
and-- and you went down there.
Yeah, on those levels,
you're an incredible healer.
You can heal anything.
You're just like John
of God at that point.
You can-- you can do
anything in those levels.
So thank you.
>>Yeah, thank you.
>>All right, we're
going to go now
to the second one, the next one.
Put on your masks.
On with your masks.
We have a stage coach coming.
And it doesn't
need all that gold.
Deep inhale, seeing the white
mist come out of your lips.
Now, again, see yourself back
inside this sphere of light.
And just lift off a
little tiny bit, just
so that you're floating.
You can feel yourself
breaking the bonds of gravity.
Bring your attention
to your knees.
Now bring your attention
to your shoulders.
And bring your
attention to your ears.
Now allow your
hearing to expand.
And let your hearing
become amazingly enhanced.
Listen to every tiny
detail in this room.
Now let your hearing expand out
beyond this room to maybe 50
meters all the way
around, 150 feet or so,
just out, whatever feels
right, get way out there.
And now listen to everything
inside that sphere of what's
happening outside this room.
Now let your sphere of hearing
expand out about 5 miles or so.
Now let your hearing
expand all the way
to the horizon, all
the way around you.
And now you can go anywhere
and listen to anything
that you want to hear
anywhere in the world.
Now bring your hearing back
to your body in this room.
And go inside your ears
and inside your body
and listen to the sounds
deep within your body.
Now turn your hearing
to your body itself
and let it talk to you
and tell you whatever
it wishes to say to you.
Now bring your attention
back outside of your body
to the outs-- to this room.
And in your sphere
of light, lift off.
Go up to the ceiling.
Go through the ceiling
to the outside.
And, now, let yourself fly.
Move freely all over Sedona.
From the air, Sedona
is incredible.
And have fun doing it,
swoop around, dive.
You'll also discover
that you can go right
through solid rock.
How does this make you feel?
Now, while you're flying,
be aware of your body here
in this room, as well
as yourself flying.
When you feel both bodies
at once, open your eyes
and begin to write
down your experience.
If you're still
writing, keep writing,
but if you have-- if
you're done and you
would like to talk about what
happened, raise your hand.
>>As you were describing, I
would do as you described,
fall into it, and
then come out of it.
And I would remember
it for one second,
and then I completely forget.
And then the next
chunk that would
happen, come out
of it, next second,
I would completely forget.
And then, this last
bit, and I only
remember for literally
a fraction of a second.
But I don't remember
anything now.
>>Well, as I understand,
that's perfect, that's OK.
Seems weird, I thought
it was weird, too.
But they said, no,
that that's OK.
We've had lots of
people who just-- they
remember me saying
close your eyes,
and all they remember
is open your eyes.
They don't remember
anything in the middle.
But the school says that
when you're in that state,
you're so much into it that
you-- you come out of it,
you can't bring it back.
And it's-- and that it's OK.
You've done exactly what
you're supposed to do.
You just don't remember.
And so it's OK.
>>What's the point
of the exercise?
>>The point of the exercise is
change something within you.
>>So it's rewiring.
>>Yes.
And so, even if you don't
remember, it still happened.
>>I'm going to have
to trust you on that.
When I-- what I
found was that there
is a difference in perspective.
When I'm flying around,
I'm either inside my body
or I'm observing my body.
So-- but I can only feel
things when I'm inside my body.
And I would go back and
forth between imagining it
as observing and
being inside actually
having it happen to me.
Does that make sense?
>>Yeah, it does.
But the only-- the only problem
I have with doing this is I'm
not an expert like my wife.
And so she could just
tell you everything and--
>>Can you get her
on your cell phone?
>>Maybe.
>>But I found that one was more
comfortable than the other,
too.
So it was more comfortable
to be outside than in,
both for the hearing and
for all of these exercises.
>>To be outside of your body?
>>To be outside of my body,
that it took more work
and it was harder
to stay inside.
>>So when you were flying,
you had experience of flying?
>>Yeah.
It was like-- it was
like flying dreams.
>>But it's like
you're observing it
rather than-- observing yourself
flying, rather than actually
flying?
>>Right.
Right, but when I was
actually inside flying,
it was like the flying
dreams, where you're diving
and it's really fun.
But when I was
observing it, there
was no feel--
there was no sense.
There is no feeling.
There is no-- no
really experience other
than just the imagining of it.
>>Well, I mean, from
the male point of view,
when you can sense and
you're inside your body
and then you're
flying, that's a better
way, from my point of view.
But I don't know what
my wife would say.
I never know.
And so I can't
help you, Annette.
I'm just-- we're
using this because I
found that these
exercises seem to help
people in a very unusual way.
And I was going to stop
it a long time ago.
I tried stopping it once before.
And I found that
it's better to do it,
even though I don't fully
understand everything here
in this level.
But if you could ever get to
one of my wife's workshops,
I think she can really
change things fast.
>>I didn't realize
that when I started
flying that I would remember
my dream as a child too,
a lot of flying dreams
when I was young.
And it reminded me of that.
When you-- as soon
as you mentioned
about going into the
rock, I was there.
And I had a great
sense of sorrow.
And I could see Indians,
but I don't know enough
about identifying what
they were, who they were.
And then, also, a
sense of dimensional,
but felt like I
needed to back away,
so I did, just out of safety,
I guess, or not wanting
interfere.
But I just wanted to share that.
>>With the native people,
most of their-- definitely
their religious life is
underground, rather than
overground.
Far more going on inside the
Earth than there is externally.
But I think you were
just remembering
when you were a kid, what it
was like to go inside those.
Because there's openings
in there and there's
life in those opening
almost always.
I'm discovering now that
there's life everywhere
inside the Earth.
I've got a whole other
thing going on right
now with-- I can't talk about
it too much because it's
another level of this work.
But inside the Earth is just
one big ball of living life.
There's so much in there.
It's just crazy.
And I didn't know
this, but then I
talked to some of the
elders-- oh, yeah, of course,
we know all that stuff.
Like, oh, well, why don't
you ever tell me this stuff?
You weren't ready.
But it's interesting.
These two are kind of--
people enjoy these last two.
I don't know why they
enjoy them so much,
but they always seem to.
And these two are medicinal.
They affect polarities
in your body.
And the results of
these two things
will continue adjusting, making
adjustments in your body,
according to the Hebrews
for about 30 days.
And so they also
trigger feelings.
And so I just have
to tell you, I mean,
you might be driving your car
somewhere two weeks from now
and all of a sudden
start crying.
And it's because of
what we're about to do.
It's OK.
If it happens, just let it go.
Something's been altered
or changed within you.
Put on your masks.
Take a deep breath again
and blow out the white mist.
And see or a sense or feel
that mist coming out of you.
And one more time.
Put your attention to your toes.
And in your imagination,
wiggle them.
Bring your attention
to your elbows.
to your eyes.
Turn the light of
your eyes inward
and go down inside your
body, seeing with that light
as you go inside your body.
And go down your neck
and into your left lung.
When you go into the lung,
you can feel the space
that is inside of there.
Look around you and see the
colors, or either the color
or the colors that are
inside your left lung.
Choose one of these colors,
the one that feels right.
And now feel yourself moving
into this color and this color
expanding all around
you like a fog.
And so this colored
fog is all around you.
Within this fog is the
female guardian that guards
the left side of your body.
Ask her to come
forth out of this fog
so that you can see her,
or sense her, or feel her.
Now just look into her eyes.
And she has a message for you.
Listen to this message.
She also has an
object to give to you.
Let her reach forth
and give you the object
and take it in your left hand.
When you get the object
in your left hand,
put your attention
on the object.
And look at it.
Study it very carefully
because it might be something
you don't quite understand.
If there's writing on it,
or images, or petroglyphs,
or anything like that, try
to look at all these things.
See what they are.
If the object opens, open it
up and see what is inside.
It may open, it may not.
But if it does, look inside.
When you feel like
you've studied the object
and you understand as much as
you can, you can open your eyes
and write down your experience.
Now we got one more.
And we're almost
done for the day.
Deep breath, blowing
out the white mist.
Seeing and feeling this mist.
And one more time, do it again.
Bring your attention to your
elbows, to your shoulders,
and to your eyes.
Now turn your light of
your eyes inward again.
Go down inside and use that
light that sees you go in
and go into your right lung.
In the right lung, again,
there will be colors in there.
First, see what they are.
And then choose one
of those colors.
And let it grow into a
fog that surrounds you.
On the right side of your body,
there's a male guardian there.
Ask him to come out of the
fog so you could see him.
He also has a message for you.
Listen to this message
of what he has to say.
This message is from his heart.
And he also has an
object to give to you.
When he hands you the object,
take it with your right hand.
And, again, study it carefully.
If it opens, look inside of it.
Now, look down at the
object in your right.
Look down at the object
the female gave you
in your left hand and
bow to the male guardian
and turn from him.
And feel yourself moving to your
heart chakra, your lower heart
chakra.
When you get there, look out
of your body in the direction
that you always do.
And feel what your body
feels like, your whole body,
holding these two
objects at the same time.
How do you feel?
These objects represent
polarities within your body
and we're about to do
something that's going
to change those polarities.
Look down at both objects, see
the left, the female object
in your left hand, the
male object the right hand,
and now switch them.
And put the male object
in your female hand
and your female object
in your male hand.
How do you feel?
What is happening with
your body right now?
If it feels good, even if it
feels OK, even if it feels
neutral, leave them there.
But if it doesn't feel good,
and if it hurts, or doesn't feel
good, then switch them back.
But if you can,
leave them there.
And then when it feels
complete, open your eyes
and write down your experience.
You can keep
writing if you want,
but if there's anybody who
feels they want to talk.
>>So out of the
blue fog came a man
who said take this
gift on to the world,
and then he handed me a dove,
which became many doves,
and which became into music.
My question would be when I
was switching the objects,
I kind of had the sense
that there was a dove there.
Because once it
became music, it's
like it became
unto to the world.
And so, kind of intuitively,
sensed it after switching,
and after switching, it brought
my heart rate up a little bit.
But, then, it eased down and
I felt comfortable again.
>>Yes, if you can hold
it there, what's going on
is these are-- you
start out balanced
at some point with
your polarities.
But, over time, things
happen, and the left--
between the male and female
polarities of your body.
And those two objects
are representing
the change that needs to bring
balance back into your body.
And so what this exercise does
is if you can switch them,
it begins to change and
balance these polarities
on both sides of the body.
But some people,
when they do it,
I've had people get sick
right on the spot here.
I mean, they cannot do it
or fall over and faint.
I mean they just really
can't hold the energy.
And if you can't do it, it's OK.
You have to switch them back.
>>Yes, so mine wasn't
really a person figure.
It was a lion that
came out of the mist.
>>That's OK, too.
We didn't say it was a
male-- a human person.
>>I could tell he
was a male because he
had a massive penis at first
dragging on the ground.
But as he appeared,
it kind of receded.
>>It was a super male.
>>Into normal size and what not.
And then I was like,
all right, that's odd.
But he told me that I was
the king of my kingdom
and I was actually the
king of the universe.
And around his neck was a bell
on a golden, like, ribbon.
And the bell itself
was covered in symbols
of circles and straight lines.
And then the inside of the
bell was lined perfectly,
like clear crystal.
>>Is that what he gave you?
>>Yeah, that's what he gave me.
And holding that
in my right hand,
and then I switched it
over to my left hand, which
from the female side was
a twin clear crystal,
but with a green
like phantom crystal
on the inside,
which at that time
an angel had actually
arisen out of it.
And it's weird because--
this is awkward,
but it was almost as
though it was a crystal
vagina that the angel
had risen out of.
I switched them over.
And, all of a sudden,
I felt my entire self,
kind of swirling together, and
I felt almost a little nauseous
at first, as far as the
swirling around went.
But, then, the two
items blended into one
to where it was the
crystal that she
had given me was
actually the wringer
of the bell on the inside.
And while ringing
the bell, it was
emanating almost an angelic tone
that was very, very soothing
and made me feel
very, very comfortable
and pleased with the blending.
And the nausea kind of went away
and I actually felt very whole.
So--
>>Well, that's what
it was supposed to do,
but it doesn't always do that.
>>Cool.
>>But what happens-- I'm
going to end that here--
for the few people who couldn't
handle it and had to switch it,
then you have
special instructions.
If you do-- it's up to you
whether you want to do them
or not, but you would mark on
a calendar 30 days from today,
60 days from today,
and 90 days from today.
And 30 days from now, you
would go back into meditation,
see the two objects while
you're inside your heart chakra,
and then switch them again and
see if you can handle that.
Because a lot has been
going on in those 30 days.
And if that works, fine.
But if you still can't
do it, switch them back.
Wait another 30 days,
and another 30 days.
If after 90 days, three
times, if you can't do it,
you just cannot keep those
things in that position,
then just forget it
and leave them there.
But it is a very
powerful, very ancient way
of balancing the
polarities in your body
by getting the images of
what is needed to do that.
If you did the
same exercise, say,
two or three months from now,
you may get different objects.
You may get different
stuff, because you've
changed in that length of time.
And so, anyway, this
gives you a flavor
of what the ground level is
of this, of the Blue School.
But they really go much,
much deeper than this.
And unlike me, when my
wife-- when you say something
about it, she would
know exactly what
to say back to you because
she has so much training.
You have to have--
to do this school,
you have to have 12-- minimum
of 12 years, I believe it is,
of training.
So it's much more than a
college degree, or a PhD,
or anything else like that.
It takes a long time.
And she's had many more-- I
think 30 years or something.
She's been a long time studying.
This is the only thing
she's ever studied.
And so I found that these little
things that we just did really
do help the balance of what we
need in all-- in the next four
days.
So now I'm going to
talk about tomorrow.
And, remember, tonight,
you write the word
reversing on there and do
that thing with the reversing.
And one more thing,
one more thing, you
write reversing on the table.
You reverse your day
and do the whole thing,
and then you lay down.
But when you go
to sleep tonight,
see yourself, as you're
sleeping, walking
into your dream holding the
two objects in whatever way you
have them now.
Just go into the dream
with the two objects
and whatever happens,
happens after that.
Let me go back to tomorrow.
Tomorrow's going to be a
completely totally, utterly
different day.
And we're going to talk about
the human body and healing.
Because it's important for
us to get things more in
balance, not just-- not
just on our polarity aspect,
but on our physical body.
And, like I said, we're going
to focus on these two chakras,
but other things may come up.
And if other things come
up, we will deal with them
as they come up.
When you come here tomorrow, I
would wear real simple clothes.
And try to leave your
jewelry home, probably not
your wedding ring.
You can get in trouble.
But try to leave as much
metal and stuff at home.
And just wear sweat pants,
if you got them, and t-shirt.
I'm just going to wear a
t-shirt tomorrow and something
real simple.
I don't know what.
And we're going to be working.
From 9:00 till
12:00, we're going
to discuss healing, and what are
the different ideas about this.
Because those ideas,
people have a lot
of ideas of what this means.
And I would like to
present some of mine
and also discuss whatever you
have to say about it also.
And then we're going to
have only an hour for lunch,
from 12:00 to 1:00.
And then we're going to spend
about six hours with healing.
Every person in
this room is going
to be in the healing
chamber for 25 minutes.
And-- and-- this is a very
specific form of healing
which has to do with what
people call sound healing.
But it's not sound
using instruments,
it's the human voice.
And in the ancient
world, the human voice
could heal anything.
And, tomorrow, I'll
actually show you
scientifically why the human
voice can heal anything.
There is a relationship
between your voice
and all physiological
aspects of life
at all levels of existence.
And a sound can do a lot.
Just look what happens
when you sing to your baby
and it's crying.
The change, you can
change things with this,
but you can change a lot
more than just little things.
You can change big things
inside of yourself.
And this was presented to
me by archangel Michael.
I'll tell you the story tomorrow
how we found out about this.
And I know I've been in
Australia with the Aboriginals,
and they use didgeridoos
to work on your chakras
and heals-- that's,
again, using sound
with breath moving through it.
But this is really simple.
It is not difficult or hard.
And, at this point,
like even in Germany,
where they found out about this,
they use it in family therapy.
Because they bring
their families
together to do these things.
They can alter the way
families relate to each other.
It's really a beautiful thing.
A lot of people come to
this workshop and that's
all they can remember is
what happened tomorrow,
on the second day.
That's all I need.
And there was a time when it was
very hard for me, personally,
because I had to
do-- for me, it's
a very intense
psychic level of work.
And I would get
exhausted sometimes,
when-- I've learned how
now not to get exhausted.
But I used to.
So there was a point many
years ago when I said,
you know, I think I'll put
something else in this day.
And it was really just because
I was-- it was too hard.
And then I noticed that
it didn't work very well
because people needed that.
And it was really clear--
I was somewhere in Europe
at one point and I
decided to put it back in
and the difference
was so amazing.
And so I know I can't remove it.
And so we're going to
experience something
that's very beautiful.
And I have seen this heal
everything you can think of.
When people get into
the state of sound,
they can just let
go of anything.
I've seen so much now that it's
just-- I have no expectations.
Just whatever happens, happens.
I've had one lady who was--
where I was I-- in Holland,
and she had shattered her right
knee and she couldn't walk.
It was just like this.
That was all, she
couldn't bend it.
And she was with a crutch.
And we got into this
and did the whole thing,
and she just stood
up and jumped,
and threw her crutch
all across the room
and broke it against a wall.
Said I don't need
that thing anymore
and just started
walking around the room.
That was about 10,
12, 13 years ago.
And I see her at different
places around the world.
She goes it's still good.
And I've seen every-- I've
seen everything happen.
I've seen things that are
just totally impossible
and considered
miracles, but it's not.
It's just it's the
nature of the reality.
And all things are possible.
All things, anything
is possible.
I don't care how bad it
is, it's still possible.
It just depends on what we'll
allow to let-- to let go
and what we will allow to--
allow for us, personally,
to be able to accept
into our bodies.
So, anyway, tomorrow,
I kind of recommend
that you bring anything
soft you can find anywhere
because we're going to be on
the floor for a long time.
I think that's it.
And thank you, we made
it through the first day.
[APPLAUSE]
Day one is now complete.
You can continue on to day
two of our continuing journey.